Docs beta 26/7 (#959)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Update-EntraBetaSignedInUserPassword.md

## Description

> The `Update-EntraBetaSignedInUserPassword` cmdlet updates the password for the signed-in user in Microsoft Entra ID. Enable users to update their own passwords. Any user can change their password without requiring administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Update-EntraBetaSignedInUserPassword` cmdlet updates the password for the signed-in user in Microsoft Entra ID.

Enable users to update their own passwords. Any user can change their password without requiring administrator privileges.
```

> The `Update-EntraBetaSignedInUserPassword` cmdlet updates the password for the signed-in user in Microsoft Entra ID. Allow users to update their own passwords. Any user can update their password without needing to be in an administrator role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Update-EntraBetaSignedInUserPassword` cmdlet updates the password for the signed-in user in Microsoft Entra ID. Enable users to update their own passwords. Any user can change their password without requiring administrator privileges.
```
